README.md, before:

# 🏰 MythicDungeonPortals

> **Your ultimate companion for navigating Azeroth's most challenging dungeons!** 🗺️

A powerful World of Warcraft addon that brings all your **Mythic+ and Challenge Mode portals** into one beautiful, organized interface. Never get lost in your dungeon collection again! ✨

## 🌟 Features

- **📚 Organized by Expansion** - All portals neatly sorted by expansion for easy navigation
- **🏆 Achievement-Based Display** - See only the portals you've earned through your achievements
- **🎯 Quick Access** - Minimap icon and slash commands for instant portal access
- **🎨 Customizable UI** - Toggle backgrounds and minimap icon to suit your preferences
- **🌍 Multi-Language Support** - Available in multiple languages for global adventurers

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Commands
- `/mdp` - Opens the portals window
- `/mdp settings` - Opens the settings menu

### Settings
- **Hide/Show Minimap Icon** - Control the minimap button visibility
- **Hide/Show Backgrounds** - Toggle background images for a cleaner look

## 📖 How It Works

The addon automatically detects your earned achievements and displays the corresponding dungeon portals. Each expansion's portals are grouped together, making it easy to find the dungeon you're looking for.

Whether you're a seasoned mythic+ runner or just starting your journey, this addon will streamline your dungeon navigation experience! 🎮

---

*Ready to conquer Azeroth's most challenging dungeons? Install MythicDungeonPortals and never lose your way again!* ⚔️

Commit message:

Add Unit Testing (#53)
Add Unit Testing

README.md, after:

# 🏰 MythicDungeonPortals

> **Your ultimate companion for navigating Azeroth's most challenging dungeons!** 🗺️

A powerful World of Warcraft addon that brings all your **Mythic+ and Challenge Mode portals** into one beautiful, organized interface. Never get lost in your dungeon collection again! ✨

## 🌟 Features

- **📚 Organized by Expansion** - All portals neatly sorted by expansion for easy navigation
- **🏆 Achievement-Based Display** - See only the portals you've earned through your achievements
- **🎯 Quick Access** - Minimap icon and slash commands for instant portal access
- **🎨 Customizable UI** - Toggle backgrounds and minimap icon to suit your preferences
- **🌍 Multi-Language Support** - Available in multiple languages for global adventurers

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Commands
- `/mdp` - Opens the portals window
- `/mdp settings` - Opens the settings menu

### Settings
- **Hide/Show Minimap Icon** - Control the minimap button visibility
- **Hide/Show Backgrounds** - Toggle background images for a cleaner look

## 📖 How It Works

The addon automatically detects your earned achievements and displays the corresponding dungeon portals. Each expansion's portals are grouped together, making it easy to find the dungeon you're looking for.

Whether you're a seasoned mythic+ runner or just starting your journey, this addon will streamline your dungeon navigation experience! 🎮

## 🧪 Testing

This addon includes a comprehensive testing framework to ensure reliability and quality.

### Running Tests
```bash
# Run all tests
npm test

# Run tests in watch mode
npm run test:watch

# Run with coverage
npm run test:coverage
```

### Test Structure
- **Unit Tests**: Test individual functions and data structures
- **Mock Framework**: Simulates WoW API functions for testing
- **Data Validation**: Ensures all mappings and constants are correct
- **Localization Tests**: Verifies all language files are complete

See the [Testing Guide](tests/README.md) for detailed information about writing and running tests.

---

*Ready to conquer Azeroth's most challenging dungeons? Install MythicDungeonPortals and never lose your way again!* ⚔️
